{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf410
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset77 Monaco;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
{\info
{\author Liam Staskawicz}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12120\viewh14040\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qc\pardirnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Make Controller Kit\
Firmware
\fs40 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f1\b\fs32 \cf0 Contents
\f0\b0\fs24 \
The firmware for the Make Controller Kit is organized into general library and specific project directories.  The 
\f1\b appboard
\f0\b0  and 
\f1\b controller
\f0\b0  directories contain the libraries with code specific to the Make Application Board and Make Controller Board, respectively.  The included project directories are:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf0 {\listtext	\'a5	}Heavy
\f0\b0  - the default full-featured firmware shipped with the Make Controller Kit.  It's based on {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.freertos.org"}}{\fldrslt FreeRTOS}} and includes networking, USB, OSC, ADC, PWM, CAN, RS232, SPI, motor control, EEPROM, and high resolution timing.  This is usually the easiest place to start for developers new to the Make Controller Kit.  \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \
{\listtext	\'a5	}Tiny
\f0\b0  - a demonstration of firmware that doesn't make use of FreeRTOS.  It's meant as a point of departure for those developing their own firmware that does not use a real-time operating system.  \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \
{\listtext	\'a5	}Solo
\f0\b0  - a demonstration of firmware that uses only the 
\f1\b controller
\f0\b0  library.  It's meant as a point of departure for those developing their own versions of the Application Board that the Controller Board can plug into.  As you might guess, since the Application Board is assumed to not be present, none of the Application Board utilities are available.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
The entire firmware directory can be kept wherever is most convenient, and you can create your own projects at the same level as the existing projects.  Your directory structure might look something like:\
\
+ 
\f1\b firmware
\f0\b0 \
  |\
  -- appboard\
  |\
  -- controller\
  |\
  -- doc\
  |\
  -- heavy\
  |\
  -- solo\
  |\
  -- tiny\
  |\
  -- my-project\
\

\f1\b\fs32 Building
\f0\b0\fs24 \
Each project directory includes an 
\f1\b output
\f0\b0  directory, where the final image is created.  To build any of the projects, you'll need to have an appropriate toolchain installed - download one at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.makingthings.com/resources/downloads"}}{\fldrslt MakingThings.com}}.  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.gnuarm.org"}}{\fldrslt GnuArm.org}} also has a variety of packages that tend to be kept reasonably up to date.\
\
With the toolchain installed, navigate from the command line to the directory of the project you'd like to build and type 
\f1\b make
\f0\b0 .  \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f2 \cf0 cd /path/to/firmware/project\
make
\f0 \
\
If all goes well, you'll have a shiny new .bin file in your output directory ready to be uploaded to the Make Controller.  Use 
\f1\b mchelper
\f0\b0  to actually upload the firmware to the board - also available at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.makingthings.com/resources/downloads"}}{\fldrslt MakingThings.com}}.  Check the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://forums.makezine.com/?CategoryID=5"}}{\fldrslt forums}} with any questions or problems.  \
\
The 
\f1\b .hzp
\f0\b0  files are project files for 
\f1\b Rowley's Crossworks
\f0\b0  for ARM.  If you happen to use this IDE, then you can simply open up the project and build it.  One of the most significant benefits to using an environment like this is the capability to do single-step debugging on your projects.  Otherwise, the GCC-based approach produces very similar results.  \
\
}