{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf410
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset77 Monaco;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\author Liam Staskawicz}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11480\viewh12260\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qc\pardirnatural

\f0\fs40 \cf0 mchelper
\fs36 \

\fs32 Make Controller Helper
\fs40 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f1\b\fs24 \cf0 mchelper
\f0\b0  makes it easy to upload new firmware to the Make Controller Kit, and provides a simple way to send manual commands to the board once it's running. It's built with 
\f1\b Qt 4
\f0\b0  to be a cross-platform application.  \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\f1\b\fs32 Building
\f0\b0\fs24 \
In order to build mchelper, you'll have to build and install {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.trolltech.com"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b Qt 4}} from Trolltech.  A free, open-source version of Qt is available but if you plan on using Qt to create a commercial application, you'll need to pony up for their commercial license.\
\
Assuming you have Qt installed, building is simple.  The first thing you need to do is run 
\f1\b qmake
\f0\b0 , Qt's version of make.  To do this, navigate to the directory that you downloaded mchelper to, and type qmake:\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f2 \cf0 cd /path/to/mchelper
\f0 \

\f2 qmake
\f0 \
\
This creates a Makefile and builds the project.  Next, simply type 
\f1\b make
\f0\b0 , and you should have a brand new build of mchelper.  Check in the 
\f1\b debug
\f0\b0  and 
\f1\b release
\f0\b0  directories for the application.  \
\
qmake manages Qt projects by means of a 
\f1\b .pro
\f0\b0  (project) file.  Anytime files are added to or removed from the project, this must be reflected in the .pro file.  Check the Qt documentation for more information on qmake and Qt itself.  \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f1\b\fs32 \cf0 Notes
\f0\b0\fs24 \
On OS X, qmake is considerate enough to create an Xcode project for mchelper.  To do this, confirm you're in the mchelper directory, and type\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f2 \cf0 qmake -spec macx-xcode mchelper.pro\
\

\f0 On Windows, there are several options for IDEs - Eclipse with CDT installed is not bad.  }