{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf420
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16840\viewh16340\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qc\pardirnatural

\f0\fs56 \cf0 mc.usb v0.2 - src
\fs24 \

\fs32 USB connection to the Make Controller Kit from Max/MSP
\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\f1\b mc.usb
\f0\b0  connects to the Make Controller Kit via USB and can send/receive OSC messages.\
\

\fs36 Contents
\fs24 \
This package contains a number of items;\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'a5	}mc.usb source code\
{\listtext	\'a5	}mc.usb project files for OS X and Windows\
{\listtext	\'a5	}mc.usb help file\
{\listtext	\'a5	}example patches for working with the Make Controller Kit\
{\listtext	\'a5	}an object list file so that mc.usb shows up in the Max object list prompt\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\fs36 Building
\fs24 \
mc.usb is built with Xcode on OS X, and with Visual Studio on Windows - project files for each are included.  It's maintained for both OS X and Windows via #ifdef conditionalization for platform specific segments of code.\
\
On OS X, the Max SDK expects you to maintain a particular directory structure with your projects - in the main MaxSDK directory, there are all the sample projects directories, the WritingExternals,pdf file and a few other goodies.  I've set my machine up to fit in with this - so, I would check out the mc.usb source to a directory that's located at MaxSDK/mc-projects/mc.usb.  You're of course welcome to set your system up however you like, but a the Xcode project will expect to live in this kind of structure, so make any changes if appropriate.\
\
On Windows, \
\

\fs36 Installing
\fs24 \
To install mc.usb, you just need to drop 
\f1\b mc.usb.mxo/mxe
\f0\b0  into your Max externals folder.  The help file 
\f1\b mc.usb.help
\f0\b0  goes in your Max help folder.  You can drop the Make Controller Examples directory into the 
\f1\b patches->extras
\f0\b0  directory in your Max installation to have the examples available to you under the 
\f1\b extras
\f0\b0  menu within Max.\
\
File                                               OS X Location                                                         Windows Location\
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\

\f1\b mc.usb.mxo/mxe
\f0\b0                       [your Max 4.6 install]/Cycling '74/externals\

\f1\b mc.usb.help
\f0\b0                                 [your Max 4.6 install]/max-help\

\f1\b Make Controller Examples
\f0\b0      [your Max 4.6 install]/patches/extras\

\f1\b mc-objectlist.txt
\f0\b0                          [your Max 4.6 install]/Cycling '74/init\
\
Lastly, on Windows you need to install USB drivers - this is done with the 
\f1\b mchelper
\f0\b0  installer.  Head to www.makingthings.com/resources/downloads and grab the latest version of mchelper, and run the installer.  It's best to do this before plugging in your Make Controller for the first time - otherwise, Windows likes to create a stub of a USB device in the device manager that then usually needs to be deleted.  OS X does not require a driver installation.\
\

\fs36 Support
\fs24 \
The best place to ask questions is the forum on the Make site - http://forums.makezine.com/?CategoryID=5.  There is also an IRC channel 
\f1\b #makingthings
\f0\b0  on 
\f1\b irc.freenode.net 
\f0\b0 where Make Controller enthusiasts are known to congregate.}